README.md, before:

# Taylor Snyder's Portfolio

My portfolio, hosted on GitHub Pages, which can be found at [taylorsnyder.info](https://taylorsnyder.info).

(This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).)

## Progress / Things To Add

### Pre-Launch
- ~~Fill out a readme and add it into the GitHub~~
- ~~Get web hosting working through GitHub Pages, redirect through my domain (taylorsnyder.info)~~
- ~~Upload old portfolio while working on the new and improved ReactJS version~~

### General
- ~~Upload V1.0 of new portfolio (React version)~~
- ~~Add description / title into metadata~~
- ~~Change favicon icon~~

### Welcome Page
- Add something to the other side of the page (scrolling images/gifs of projects I've completed, maybe some pictures of me?)

### About Page
- ~~Fix some CSS sizing issues~~
- ~~Add resume and download button~~
- Add Scroll/Bounce animations and hover effects to headers on the right side with reverse color scheme (show yellow on hover instead of white)

### Game Development Page
- Host WebGL versions of 494 P1 and P2
- Link to itch.io page for P3
- Add gifs/images/descriptions to each of the projects
- Possible code some little browser-based games in JS?

### Web Development Page
- Link to dlmereader
- Link to this GitHub

### Contact Page
- Something to put on the other side of the page (video? map? game?)

Commit message:

A few new changes added in the last patch

README.md, after:

# Taylor Snyder's Portfolio

My portfolio, hosted on GitHub Pages, which can be found at [taylorsnyder.info](https://taylorsnyder.info).

(This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).)

## Progress / Things To Add

### Pre-Launch
- ~~Fill out a readme and add it into the GitHub~~
- ~~Get web hosting working through GitHub Pages, redirect through my domain (taylorsnyder.info)~~
- ~~Upload old portfolio while working on the new and improved ReactJS version~~

### General
- ~~Upload V1.0 of new portfolio (React version)~~
- ~~Add description / title into metadata~~
- ~~Change favicon icon~~

### Welcome Page
- Add something to the other side of the page (scrolling images/gifs of projects I've completed, maybe some pictures of me?)

### About Page
- ~~Fix some CSS sizing issues~~
- ~~Add resume and download button~~
- Add Scroll/Bounce animations and hover effects to headers on the right side with reverse color scheme (show yellow on hover instead of white)

### Game Development Page
- (For now, added in old portfolio link while I work on migrating)
- Host WebGL versions of 494 P1 and P2
- Link to itch.io page for P3
- Add gifs/images/descriptions to each of the projects
- Possible code some little browser-based games in JS?

### Web Development Page
- Link to dlmereader (Temporarily linked to the page without description, will be added soon)
- Link to this GitHub

### Contact Page
- Something to put on the other side of the page (video? map? game?)
